Issue 171 (#174)
hazelcast/hazelcast-jdbc: README.md

| k8sServiceName                 | String  | Service name used to scan only PODs connected to the given service; if not specified, then all PODs in the namespace are checked |
| k8sServicePort                 | Integer | Endpoint port of the service; if specified with a value greater than 0, it overrides the default; 0 by default |

#### Miscellaneous properties
| Property                       | Type    | Description                                                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------ | ------- |-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | smartRouting                   | Boolean | If `false`, the client will have only one connection to the cluster. Useful if there are many clients. Enabled by default. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| smartRouting                   | Boolean | If `false`, the client will have only one connection to the cluster. Useful, if there are many clients, and we want to avoid each of them connecting to each member. `true` by default. |
```

> | smartRouting                   | Boolean | If `false`, the client will have only one connection to the cluster. Useful if there are many clients. Enabled by default. |

Reviewer: Minor, but for me:

> If `false` .... Enabled by default

is confusing
